\documentclass{article}
\usepackage{layout}
\setlength{\textwidth}{13cm}
\setlength{\textheight}{20.5cm}
\flushbottom
\begin{document}
\setcounter{tocdepth}{2}
\tableofcontents

\newpage
\section{Exchange Rate Briefing}
Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

\subsection{Exchange Rate Briefing detailed}
Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

\section{Exchange Rate Briefing again}
Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Today (\today) the rate of exchange between the British
pound and American dollar is \pounds 1 = \$1.58, an
increase of 1\% over yesterday.

Exercise 3.6: Expand your text so that the output requires more than two
full pages with the reduced page format. Add flushbottom to the preamble
and check that the last line of all pages is at exactly the same
location.


\layout
\end{document}
